MCCS guidance update + APIM recommendations (#162)
bcgov/public-cloud-techdocs: docs/azure/azure-services/api-management.md

Last updated: **{{ git_revision_date_localized }}**

Version 1 of the Azure [API Management Service](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/api-management/api-management-key-concepts) doesn't work with [inbound private endpoints](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/api-management/virtual-network-concepts#inbound-private-endpoint). To access the service from within a virtual network, you must create a DNS record. Unlike other [private endpoints](../best-practices/be-mindful.md#private-endpoints-and-dns) in the Landing Zones, this process isn't automated.

If you are using v1 of the API Management Service, please [submit a Service Request](https://citz-do.atlassian.net/servicedesk/customer/portal/3) to the Public cloud team to have the DNS record created for you.

!!! success "APIM v2"

>     Version 2 of the API Management Service is now available in the Canada Central Azure region. Please use the [v2 tiers](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/api-management/v2-service-tiers-overview) of APIM to support network isolation and private endpoints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Version 2 of the API Management Service is now available in the Canada Central Azure region. Use the [v2 tiers](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/api-management/v2-service-tiers-overview) of APIM to enable network isolation and private endpoints.
```
